6/25/2017
From today on I will be writing to an audience. I don't know who the audience is - and I don't know when the audience will read this. But after writing to myself for such a long time, I've decided that it's pointless to write purely to myself - it's just a slower way to think. The tangible benefit of writing comes from the practice of communication - in trying to express an internal idea to an external recipient. I'm hoping that I'll be able to write more coherently - collect myself before I decide on what to type. 
As for the subject, that'll probably vary depending on the priorities I'm facing on a day to day basis. There's certain topics I want to explore - and hopefully those will be entertaining and insightful. Stuff like ML, music, culture, society, personal growth...whatever grabs my attention, whatever I believe to be important enough to write about. There's only so much time and space to express yourself - and so I will train myself to maximize my relevant "output".
Naturally, this might mean some changes to how I usually write - or more accurately, how I have been writing. Nothing half finished - this is no longer a ragtag collection of fragments, but rather compiled, well curated articles of precise ideas. At least that is what I'm aiming for.

Let's set the scene for a moment - allow me to indulge in the luxury of a narrative (sorry, post-modernists). Life, from where I'm looking at right now, is very intricate. It has many layers, each densely connected to each other in the most confusing yet delightful ways possible. 
As such, we interpret the world in frameworks. We must - we are built to come (and even jump!) to conclusions. We make use of what limited information we have, and then act on what we believe to be valid predictions. You know of these frameworks - religion, culture, government, science. We invest in these frameworks - sometimes we drastically change them when they no longer fit our needs. These are the reformations and the revolutions - society changing in order to optimize itself.
(to be continued)