7/29/2017
It's almost August. I've learned a lot, from friends, coworkers, and family, but I feel like I can still be better. And that's natural. It feels like I'm not iterating fast enough - or rather, not doing so in a complete cycle. Kinda like what was described in the Lean Startup book - I'm probably really fast when I'm making certain products or planning things out. The problem is that they don't combine to form a whole that makes sense. Sensibly and intelligently learning from mistakes, and then improving on them... but first, even to identify beliefs, no matter obvious or subconcious ones, is a critical task.
Today was quite horrible in terms of certain metrics. Probably aggregated at least 6-7 hours of gaming for the whole day - and this again feels awfully familiar, when I lament about my own incapability to resist what seems to be a vice. The critique is so familiar, the condescending tone I take towards myself - yet here I am again. That proves that I have to be smarter about this. Merely noting and pretending that I've acknowledged the problem doesn't help - I have to debug it, tackle with the full on force of what I usually unleash on a conventional problem (let's say an algorithms PSET for example).
Talking with Priya yesterday was...an interesting experience. I guess in part I didn't expect anything - I just kinda went in - but perhaps I should have at least expected certain things from myself. Like actually engaging with people. And not pretending I'm tired all the time...or maybe I am! Let's think about this.
It was tough for me to talk to the people at the event - possibly because they were all older, as well as being in a social circle that I am not as familiar with. Therefore I would hypothesize that in such a situation next time, just listen. Approach people and be active - even if you don't feel like you have the energy. Because we've gone down the alternative - the not talking one - and honestly it can't be any worse.
Also, noting a funny analogy that I thought of when I was trying to audacity-acapella: Choir music is basically boosted singing. Sounds a lot better than the individual shitty parts. Heh.