4/14/2017
And the peace. Well not really, externally the pyroplastic flow is still surging, the shells combusting. But inside - inside, things are calm, things are well, as my heart is safe. And to venture out again once more! To boldly step into another hermitian space, with n dimensional possibilities, and then to take another, another, another... To fully understand that the din of humanity can be interpreted as an allusion, to dishearten those not wielding the resolve necessary. And the mountain climbs on. SO do we. We climb on and on, and we match the mountain, daring it to cast its new best and neue heights - cest la vie, cest l'amor! The love of life itself, the flame that burns atop the torches that revolve around the mountaintop, each borne, sputtering, and borne again. Again, again; a wild bacchanalia of intellect and passion and hate and strength and all that is human, all that is of us! But am I delusional? Do I truly stand upon a mountain of solid bedrock, or on an island of corpses?
Daryl sat in a chair. It was nice, but he preferred softer chairs. Like the ones next to the dining hall. But this will do. Other people were in the lounge, presumably talking about important, serious things - whatever else can a dormitory lounge be for? But Daryl dared not to participate. He needed to think. Process information. To take pixles on a screen and translate it into another set of pictures, and then to feel good about a really, really high number - preferably a three digit one, too, in decimal. And he had to think really, really hard. Not that he was stupid, mind you - he, by even his own standards, was very, very smart. Although perhaps not a prodigy - that can't be helped, those people have skewed personalities anyway. No, he was the embodiment of the ideal human intellect. He knew a great number of things - enough things to make a variety of conclusions simply based on the abstract ideas and facts in his head. How quaint! That little, wonderful brain of his, a marvel of the universe, the culmination of all that exists, the billions of years evolving and growing - he was the pinnacle.