8/7/2017
So I was heading out of my dorm one day - I say dorm, but it was more of a Frankensteinian housing unit where it was meant to be a mini college campus but the toilets are communal and the sinks aren't - and I was blasting out my weaboo Japanese music. Naturally, just a bit embarassing, especially if certain friends of mine learn of this. It's part of the weaboo archetype for a person to be very conscious of him or herself, for this consciousness to be momentarily suppressed by the existence of large gatherings such as comi-con, and then for the weaboo to revert to its true form once the sun sets over the horizon. Blah blah blah dual personality trope. 
But there I was, blasting out a Nico Nico chorus of a song I liked very much - and the chorus was pretty good in my defense - when I noticed that the janitor was hanging about, just right next to one out of the three toilets on the entire floor. I instinctively panicked. I had to hide - and my nimble fingers found their way to the bezels of my phone, quickly suppressing the music to be just quiet enough so that it (probably) wasn't audible from the janitors position, but not entirely quiet as that would essentially confirm my guilt, that of being a public weaboo. And so, gently, I made my way across the narrow corridor and up the stairs.
But lo and behold! The janitor starts to hum. Gently at first, and as he hummed louder it hitherto became clear that he was singing another tune. I could not believe it. The lengths I went to protect my integrity - my hard-to-maintain public image of a non-weaboo, hence the pinnacle of the weaboo archetype itself - all shattered. It was all irrelevant! He didn't care! He wasn't listening to some other stuff entirely! Oh, woe, oh woe!
But wait? Does this not free me? I need not let the disapproval of others control me any longer. For I am what I am, and I can be what I can be, because ultimately, nobody gives a fuck anyway. Right? Alas, true freedom - true, apathetic, glorious freedom!