7/2/2017
What exactly is the key to writing effectively? Well, for starters, I don't believe I write effectively. Sometimes it's the lack of concision. And sometimes I'm not verbose enough, not enough to convey in full detail what my mind wishes to convey to an audience. And finally, the most horrible thing of all, comes the lack of motivation to write about anything. Why write? It is far more efficient to make brief notes in my own head. Whatever I need to share, I can do with either my mouth, my computer, or maybe in person if need be. Writing seems like such a bad investment - I associate it with some poor scribe in a monastary, sticking to the "old" ways of pen and paper, unaware that nobody writes anymore.
And there lies an interesting association - for me, writing is equivalent to the physical act of writing, ie. with pen and paper, scrawling scrawny notes on a yellowed page in a notebook. Almost an anachronistic act - that's the image that pops up. 
Yet obviously it's not a very logical image at all - now, more than ever, is writing objectively important. The majority of people in the United States probably hold jobs just to write - and by this, I probably mean more typing - just given the size of our information sector. Far from being an obsolete tool, writing is an important tool that distinguishes most people apart from each other. In this slowly homogenizing and globalizing world, the arts have actually thrived, very likely due to how individualized art and writing are.
Perhaps my almost irrational image of writing being antiquated comes from not having approached the subject genuinely. Most writing assignments we receive in a typical school aren't exactly creative masterpieces - in fact, we are encouraged to stick to well known formulas, to simply copy, paste, and update certain templates. We might even be encouraged to lie - after all, the SAT isn't graded on correctness, but rather by how many lines a student can cram onto a page while able to please some random grader halfway across the country (or the world, in my case). Writing is only ever sacred because it's so individualized - because it is relatable, not because it happened to have an intro, 3 body paragraphs and an ending.